Decomission build-type: Make (#11894)
haskell/cabal: changelog.d/pr-11894.md

---
synopsis: Decomission build-type Make
packages: [Cabal-syntax,Cabal,cabal-install]
issues: 11610
prs: 11894
significance: significant
---

> `build-type: Make` is no longer functional. Cabal files with `build-type: Make` remain parseable unless they specify `cabal-version: 3.18` or newer, but that's it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`build-type: Make` has not been functional since at least version 3.4, and we communicate this more clearly now. Cabal files with `build-type: Make` remain parseable unless they specify `cabal-version: 3.18` or newer.
```

---
synopsis: Decomission build-type Make
packages: [Cabal-syntax,Cabal,cabal-install]
issues: 11610
prs: 11894
significance: significant
---

> `build-type: Make` is no longer functional. Cabal files with `build-type: Make` remain parseable unless they specify `cabal-version: 3.18` or newer, but that's it.

Reviewer: Could you, please, explain here what happens after this patch if i try to compile a type-Make package?

Author: Done.
